[APPSEC-67657] Add OpenAI and Anthropic to AI Guard automatic integrations (#37402)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/ai_guard/setup/automatic_integrations.md

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Python" %}}
| Package                      | Supported Versions | SDK Version |
|------------------------------|--------------------|-------------|
| [LangChain](#langchain)      | >= 0.1.20          | >= 3.14.0   |

> | [OpenAI](#openai)            | >= 1.102.0         | >= 4.10.0   |

Reviewer: The anchor links in the support table (`#openai`, `#anthropic`, `#ai-sdk`, `#openai-1`) don't resolve — there are no H2/H3 headings with those IDs on the page.

Author: :+1:

[2]: https://docs.langchain.com/oss/python/langchain/models
[3]: https://docs.langchain.com/oss/python/langchain/tools
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "OpenAI" %}}
The OpenAI integration automatically applies AI Guard evaluations to calls made through the [OpenAI Python SDK][1].

#### Traced operations

AI Guard automatically evaluates the following OpenAI operations:

- [Chat completions][2]:
  - `client.chat.completions.create()`
  - `client.chat.completions.parse()`
- [Responses API][3]:
  - `client.responses.create()`
  - `client.responses.parse()`

[1]: https://github.com/openai/openai-python
[2]: https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat
[3]: https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/responses
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Anthropic" %}}
The Anthropic integration automatically applies AI Guard evaluations to calls made through the [Anthropic Python SDK][1].

#### Traced operations

AI Guard automatically evaluates the following Anthropic operations:

- [Messages][2]:
  - `client.messages.create()`
  - `client.messages.stream()`

> For Anthropic SDK >= 0.37.0, AI Guard also evaluates beta messages operations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `anthropic` package >= 0.37.0, AI Guard also evaluates the following beta messages operations:
```

Author: :+1:

- [Beta messages][3]:
  - `client.beta.messages.create()`
  - `client.beta.messages.stream()`

[1]: https://github.com/anthropics/anthropic-sdk-python

> [2]: https://docs.anthropic.com/en/api/messages

Reviewer: Both `[2]` and `[3]` currently point to the same URL. If there's a dedicated Anthropic page for the beta messages API, update `[3]` to that URL. If not, remove the link from `- [Beta messages][3]:` (change to `- Beta messages:`) and drop the `[3]` definition so the label doesn't imply separate docs.

Author: :+1:

[3]: https://ai-sdk.dev/docs/ai-sdk-core/generating-structured-data
[4]: https://ai-sdk.dev/docs/ai-sdk-core/tools-and-tool-calling
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "OpenAI" %}}
The OpenAI integration automatically applies AI Guard evaluations to calls made through the [OpenAI Node.js SDK][1].

#### Traced operations

AI Guard automatically evaluates the following OpenAI operations:

- [Chat completions][2]:
  - `client.chat.completions.create()`
  - `client.chat.completions.parse()`
- [Responses API][3]:
  - `client.responses.create()`

> **Note**: Streaming requests (`stream: true`) are not evaluated by AI Guard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Streaming requests (`stream: true`) are not evaluated by AI Guard.
```
